Guys, before starting the video, I want to tell you that more than 75% of the viewers on our channel have not subscribed to the channel yet. See, we need your support to move this ethical work forward, so please consider subscribing to this channel if it really helps you to choose safe, be safe. Thank you. Hello everyone, welcome back to Trustified, India's first and only 100% blind testing certification program. And in today's video, in the category of pre-workout, we will tell you the result of a product's lab test report, which is the number one seller on Amazon. Muscle Blaze Pre-Workout 200 Extreme. So, to test it blind, we ordered it blindly from Nutrabay. The seller on Nutrabay was Nutrabay itself. Meaning, we have not ordered this product from the brand, we have ordered it from a third-party seller. That's why we ordered two boxes of 100 grams from the same anonymous ID. You can see the screen recording of the order. You can also see the uncut unboxing video. In which, basically, we tell you that out of the same batch number products that we get, one of the same sealed batch number product goes to the laboratory for testing. So, Trustified always does 100% blind testing, honestly and ethically. If we talk about the price of this product, it will cost you Rs. 600. In which you get a total of 15 number of servings. This is a box of 100 grams. So, if you calculate the cost per serving, you will get Rs. 40 per serving. In which, the company claims 200 mg caffeine, 2 grams beta-ol-9 and 3 grams citrulline malate. Let's move ahead and see what is the result according to our lab test report. So, first of all, let's talk about caffeine. As I have told you that you get a serving of 200 mg, which according to our lab test report is 200.85 mg. If we talk about beta-ol-9, the company claims 2 grams per serving, which according to our lab test report is 2.24 grams per serving. If we talk about citrulline malate, the company claims 3 grams per serving, which according to our lab test report is 2.42 grams per serving. So, level 1 testing means that this product passes the accuracy test. In level 2, we did the testing of heavy metals. And as you can see in the report, all the heavy metals are found to be below the LO. So, this product passes our testing. You will get the result on the Trustified.in website under the pass-fail tab. Let's talk about its serving size accuracy and mixability. So, if we talk about its serving size accuracy, it has a serving size of 6.5 grams. The company has clearly mentioned the level scoop. So, we will measure according to the level scoop. And according to our kitchen weighing scale, its serving size can be considered accurate. If we talk about mixability, we will shake it for 15 seconds. If there is no lump in it, we will give it 5 stars. If there is a lump in it, we will give it less stars. So, we have turned on the 15-second timer here. After shaking for 15 seconds, there is no lump in it. So, in mixability, we will give it a rating of 5 out of 5 stars. If we talk about taste, we have fruit punch flavor here. And its taste is good. It is on a decent side. In taste, we will rate it 4 out of 5 stars. So, guys, this was the review and detailed lab test report of this product. And if you want to buy this product or any product passed by us, then please buy it from our website shop.trustified.in or from our application Trustified. This gives us a little financial support with which we can fund our upcoming testing. Please, if you like our work, then subscribe to our channel. Follow us on Instagram too, where we tell you the lab test report of products in real form. I will meet you in my next video. Till then, please remember, choose safe, be safe. Thank you. Transcribed by https://otter.ai